---
layout: post
title: Multimodality in Motion (Case Study)  
featured: false
author: jentery
image: '/images/posts/mim.png'
---

"Our webtext is an exploration of the ways in which multimodal composition would benefit from a disability studies perspective. Disability studies allows us to regard the ways in which multimodal composing---and its investment in all sensorial possibilities 'all the time' (Dolmage, 2011, n.p.)---normalizes and has been normalized by our understanding of the rhetorical triangle. Disabled individuals are among our colleagues and our students. Why is it that we so rarely design with them (us) in mind?

Traversing public and private spaces inevitably means finding a way to access those spaces. This simple fact is thrown into relief for those who experience barriers to access, and often unnoticed by those whose bodies, minds, abilities, and resources allow them to occupy the role of default user. Multimodality has been discussed at length as a means to enhance access to the public and private spaces through which we and our writing move. However, we argue that multimodality as it is commonly used implies an ableist understanding of the human composer. Our webtext seeks to redress this problem."

By Melanie Yergeau, Elizabeth Brewer, Stephanie Kerschbaum, Sushil K. Oswal, Margaret Price, Cynthia L. Selfe, Michael J. Salvo, and Franny Howes, at *Kairos: Rhetoric, Technology, and Pedagogy*, [kairos.technorhetoric.net/18.1/coverweb/yergeau-et-al/](http://kairos.technorhetoric.net/18.1/coverweb/yergeau-et-al/)
